# ManyTypes

> **Note**  
> ManyTypes requires at least [x64dbg 2025.06.30](https://github.com/x64dbg/x64dbg/releases/tag/2025.06.30)

## Using ManyTypes with x64dbg
### Basic Steps:
1. Start debug session. This is required for ManyTypes to create a new project directory with a `project.h` and begin parsing. 
2. Click `Plugins | ManyTypes | Open in Explorer` or go to the path `x64dbg/ManyTypes/[ImageName]`
3. Edit and save `project.h` from the folder associated with your debug session. Structures will automatically load on save.
4. Check console for errors
5. Use the newly created type in struct window.

### How can I always import Windows types into my projects?
**If installed using official release, `global.h` will always contain an include for `windows.h`**

Otherwise, create a `global.h` if one does not exist. Then, add `#include "windows-{x86/x86_64}.h"` to the file.
When opening a new debug session, `global.h` will be automatically included for the project (thereby including `windows.h`).

### What is ".artifacts" ?
This folder contains artifacts generated by ManyTypes. Specifically, it holds generated JSON databases which can be manually imported into x64dbg.

## Library Usage
Todo. See x64dbg or clang formatters for usage of the type database.

## Missing Features
- Template parsing

## Building Notes
Build and copy the provided (or your own) libclang.dll into the build directory (I’ll automate this later). If you’re using your own version, make sure it matches by placing it in the extern/libclang.lib folder.